Have you had enough trouble?
It's your sister who's making trouble
The more we begged him, the more he pushed his luck.
We've run out of shelter
You will definitely come back to us crying
Wait a minute.
I knew you were bluffing.
Don't you have to roll back in the end?
Ah but this time
It's not that easy for us to forgive you, is it?
Miss Jiang, I think you seem to have misunderstood.
I'm telling you to stop
Just to pay you back
What do you mean?
We don't have any relationship anymore
Yesterday your housekeeper Jiang sent my mother to the hospital
Helped him pay 50,000 dollars in medical bills
Now I'll give you this money back.
From now on, we don't owe each other
It doesn't matter anymore
I hope you don't come to me again in the future
So as not to disturb my mother's recovery.
you
You wait for me.